hey there Alex here from the Super Smash
channel it's jun 9 2014 and i almost
forgot that there was going to be a pic
of a day today because i was just so
focused on e3 and I was all like hey
gotta get some rest 33 which by the way
happy III week everyone but anyway I
remembered about the pic of the week
just just in time so don't worry I gotta
hear gotta hear you guys get it get it
anyway Sakurai says remember the video
that introduced for ninja joining the
battle every Pokemon that appeared in
that video will make some kind of
appearance in super smash bros by the
way here's one of the pokemon that
didn't make an appearance of the video
meloetta its vocal tax reflect off land
forms so they'll be especially effective
in a closed and fire interested every
pokemon that appeared in the video will
make an appearance and smash bros he
never said they were just all assist
trophies or anything like that so it's
possible that any one of those
characters shown off could be playable I
mean it's official it's wishful thinking
but uh well see in a few days since
ether is right around the corner I feel
like we're gonna get a lot of stuff
there I mean we have to or I we are for
sure getting a lot of stuff I just don't
know if we're gonna get our pokemon
character reveal their NF we do you know
we'll find out then what by the way
sorry for bringing it up so much but
yeah III that is yea though just the way
he phrased it was interesting to me you
know how sakura is with his sneaky
sneaky pneus
I I know I know guys I'm a word master
the funny part about this pic of the day
is that he says that meloetta didn't
appear in the trailer when she actually
did it was pretty breathe and only about
like 19 seconds in but she's still shown
in the trailer either way so yeah as for
what know what a dozen the game it's
okay based off the size of the platform
know what is on I'd say she's about
Mario's height maybe kind of close to
that I say and the movie the music notes
are about half our size so yeah if you
throw mess ball and you get this
legendary then I am so sorry because I
can't help but imagine this being so
easily dodge ball or Boyle will just met
you could have gotten something better
as all I'm saying but anyway what do you
think of today's pick the day let me
know in the comments below and don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
pick the day updates and other things
smash awaited alright see you guys
you